{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red118\green85\blue189;\red153\green153\blue153;\red34\green34\blue34;
\red17\green85\blue204;\red217\green217\blue217;\red255\green0\blue255;\red239\green239\blue239;\red67\green67\blue67;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 openFDA website\uc0\u8232 \cf3 Conceptual documentation and helpful reference materials\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.17632gths3md%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Introduction}}\cf5 \ul \ulc5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.tvqob1rmhaia%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Glossary of important terms}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.38hyirtoxja5%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Technical architecture and principles}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.l1z18z1p3eoa%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Site structure is a mirror image of API structure}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.yq0eonn2xeqs%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Conventions}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.lnpw1huip0yw%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Underscore files}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.qotiz6bhu0nx%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Little content in React/JavaScript components}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.zc2fwumijxzj%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Components}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.ou94z5pdu6ho%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Pages}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.m3gvftamrntq%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Endpoint pages}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.w23baavf2qrb%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Endpoint configuration files}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.thgr1znafvjd%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Updates (i.e. blog posts)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.68g635o4fl37%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Meta information fields}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.3otwsm40qfm%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Configuration file markup}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.be4lek31g132%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 _content.yaml}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.b1c063bkk4u7%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Example}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.hbhwqqm2bwg0%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 How the above example would be processed}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.alzdgfd453c4%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Elements}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.i966r8fkb1sy%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 _explorers.yaml}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.3baqtuwe4255%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Example}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.gycld8215d83%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Elements}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.97fe17sdq3a8%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 _fields.yaml}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.9em2mcy1o0i8%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 _infographics.yaml}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.666lga42afp1%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Example}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.zacvvcpmg5i8%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Elements}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.1ejscps4iupf%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 _examples.json}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.1ztknxpsa115%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 _meta.yaml}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.3t3zwkg8aide%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Example}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5Cl%20%22h.c1jile2uordm%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 Elements}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf3 \
Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf4 This document describes elements of the openFDA website and its technical architecture, along with instructions for working with it to edit and create pages.\
Throughout this document, the 
\b drug adverse events
\b0  endpoint is used as an example. Its 
\i noun
\i0  is 
\b drug
\b0  and 
\i endpoint
\i0  name is 
\b event
\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Important.
\b0  Where this document and the actual pages and content on the site disagree, use the examples from the live site and GitHub repository, which is liable to be more up to date. The concepts presented herein are consistent, even if some details on the site (such as file names) are slightly different.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf3 Glossary of important terms
\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 \uc0\u9679 	
\b Gatsby. 
\b0 This is the static site generation software that processes the configuration files and React.js components to ultimately create the rich, JavaScript-based open.fda.gov website.
\b \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf5 \uc0\u9679 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \ul Markdown}}\cf4 . This is a lightweight markup language used to style text, add links to text, and similar.
\b \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \uc0\u9679 	
\b React.js. 
\b0 This is the JavaScript-based front-end framework that the user interface components of the open.fda.gov website are built with.
\b \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf5 \uc0\u9679 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://learn.getgrav.org/advanced/yaml"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \ul YAML
\b0 .}}\cf4  
\i Yet another markup language. 
\i0 This is the format used by most configuration files which the website processing code uses to generate pages.
\b \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf4 \ulnone \uc0\u9679 	
\b HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and SASS
\b0  are the ordinary web technologies that underpin all these.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf4 Basic familiarity with these technologies is essential for fluency with all parts of the openFDA website. A novice JavaScript developer would be able to get up to speed with the site in one or two days. Non-technical staff can familiarize themselves with YAML and Markdown and successfully edit or create new pages on the site, although a JavaScript engineer would have the special skill necessary to deploy the change.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs34 \cf3 Technical architecture and principles\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 The best way to learn about the site and how it works is to run it. Instructions are part of the GitHub repository. Effectively, you just need to install a node.js environment, clone the repository, install the node packages, and start up Gatsby. You can edit content and code live, while the site constantly rebuilds itself, for rapid iteration.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 Site structure is a mirror image of API structure\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 The website folder structure and API endpoint structure mirror one another.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 API endpoint 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.fda.gov/drug/event.json"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://api.fda.gov/drug/event.json}}
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\b Website		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://open.fda.gov/drug/event"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://open.fda.gov/drug/event}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf4 In this way, API users are trained to expect a simplicity and clarity of thought and architecture in both the openFDA APIs and corresponding documentation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 Conventions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 Underscore files\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 In general, files that begin with an underscore 
\b _
\b0  like 
\b _fields.yaml
\b0  are content files, meant to be edited by non-technical staff and which are ingested by components to generate the site.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 Little content in React/JavaScript components\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 For most pages, content and datalive in either YAML or Markdown files. Only a few components, such as the 
\b Nav
\b0  component that draws the menu at the top of the site, have content blended with code. For most 
\i repeated
\i0  pages (e.g. endpoint basics and reference guide pages), content and data are separated so that one does not need to know how to code 
\i per se
\i0  to edit the openFDA site.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 Components\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 A 
\i component
\i0  is a functional user interface element of the site; usually something that is re-used throughout. It can be more or less static\'97like the standard footer at the bottom of every page\'97or dynamic, like the "hero" element at the top of most data and API pages. Even the widget that draws an external link with the little external link icon is a component.\
Most components are in the folder 
\b components
\b0  and are a React JSX (JavaScript) file. Occasionally a component requires several files. Typically, the JSX file has all the code necessary to create the component. Corresponding visual styles may be found in the folder 
\b css
\b0 . Examples of components include the 
\b Nav
\b0  component that draws the menu at the top of the site, the 
\b Footer
\b0  component that draws the FDA footer, and more abstract components like the 
\b Content
\b0  component that processes 
\b _content.yaml
\b0  files, the 
\b Hero 
\b0 component that draws the big banner/header on most pages, and the 
\b Infographic
\b0  component that draws data visualizations based on API calls.\
Content files like 
\b _content.yaml 
\b0 and 
\b _fields.yaml
\b0  are fed into components, which process the data and generate interactive pages. The endpoint basics page, for example, has all kinds of components on it, from the 
\b Hero
\b0  to the 
\b InfographicContainer
\b0 , to the various chart components (
\b Bar, Donut, 
\b0 and 
\b Line
\b0 ), the 
\b Content
\b0 , 
\b Downloads
\b0 , 
\b GettingStarted 
\b0 (API key generation), and 
\b QueryExplorer
\b0  components, among others. The basic content and data about the endpoint are passed through all these components to generate the interactive documentation users see.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs34 \cf3 Pages\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 In general, new endpoints or improvements to openFDA won't warrant entirely new 
\i types
\i0  of pages, but instead new pages similar to those that exist already. In these cases, simply copying and learning from the existing pages is the best way to get started with edits or additions. For instance, if you're adding a new endpoint, just copy an existing endpoint page to get started.\
The most critical types of pages are described below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 Endpoint pages\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 Like all pages on the openFDA site, endpoint pages (including the basics page and reference page) are generated \'93automatically\'94 from easily-editable configuration files.\
To create a new endpoint page:\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 1.	Create a folder for the appropriate 
\i noun
\i0  in the folder 
\b pages
\b0 .\uc0\u8232 
\i For example, for the drug/event endpoint, you need a folder called 
\b drug
\b0 .
\i0 \uc0\u8232 If the new endpoint is for an existing noun, the folder may already exist. This folder name should match the noun in the API endpoint path exactly.\
2.	Create a folder for the 
\b endpoint
\b0  in the appropriate noun folder.\uc0\u8232 
\i For example, for the drug/event endpoint, you need a folder called 
\b event
\i0\b0 \
3.	Copy or create the files below. If copying them, choose a similar endpoint so that you can easily edit the files. For example, it would be easy to copy the files from one 
\i enforcement reports 
\i0 endpoint for one noun (e.g. drugs) to another noun (e.g. foods) and make appropriate edits, since the endpoints are similar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 In this way, the drug adverse events endpoint (api.fda.gov/drug/event) would live in the site at:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf4 ./pages/drug/event/\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs26 \cf2 Endpoint configuration files\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 Every file is 
\b required
\b0  for each endpoint.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf4 In
\b0  	
\b ./pages/noun/endpoint/\uc0\u8232 
\b0 e.g.	./pages/drug/event/
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf4 These are the files that are required for the 
\i endpoint basics
\i0  page.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \uc0\u9679 	
\b _content.yaml
\b0 \uc0\u8232 The content for the endpoint basics page, in order. This is processed by the endpoint basics component to create the endpoint basics page.
\b \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\b _explorers.yaml
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Interactive query example panels, which are used to show users individual API calls. These are the panels that have a query and a button to "Run" the query.
\b \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\b _fields.yaml
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Detailed field-by-field listing of every field that appears in endpoint query results. This is referenced by other components to provide documentation about endpoint fields. A skeletal version can be generated automatically from the JSON schema for the endpoint, and that only needs to be generated once. The rest of the data (such as the descriptions of each field) need to be manually added when a new endpoint is created.
\b \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\b _infographics.yaml
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Stories for the infographic explorer, which is the visual introduction to the endpoint, on the endpoint basics page. This is processed by the infographic explorer component to create the interactive exploration and data visualization tool.
\b \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\b _meta.yaml
\b0 \uc0\u8232 General information about the endpoint, like its name, datasets that supply data to it, description, and so forth. This is referenced by other components to generate query strings, populate the page title and 
\b Hero
\b0  component, and so forth.
\b \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\b index.jsx
\b0 \uc0\u8232 This is a general file that tells the site generator that this is an endpoint basics page. It is exactly the same for every endpoint basics page, requiring no special editing or configuration for a particular endpoint.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 In
\b0  	
\b ./pages/noun/endpoint/reference/\uc0\u8232 
\b0 e.g.	./pages/drug/event/reference/
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf4 If this 
\b reference 
\b0 folder doesn't exist, you need to create it. These are the files for the 
\i endpoint reference guide
\i0  page.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \uc0\u9679 	
\b _content.yaml
\b0 \uc0\u8232 The content for the endpoint reference page, in order. This is processed by the endpoint reference component to create the endpoint reference page.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\b _examples.json
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Snippets of JSON returns from the given endpoint. These are the code examples that will be used to demonstrate what users see when they query the endpoint.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\b _explorers.yaml
\b0  (optional)\uc0\u8232 Interactive query example panels, which are used to show users individual API calls. These are the panels that have a query and a button to "Run" the query. These are optional on reference pages; heretofore we have never used them, preferring that the reference guide is just a field-by-field guide to the endpoint, and leaving the interactivity to the basics page.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\b _meta.yaml
\b0 \uc0\u8232 General information about the endpoint, like its name, datasets that supply data to it, description, and so forth. This is referenced by other components to generate query strings, populate the page title and 
\b Hero
\b0  component, and so forth.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\b index.jsx
\b0 \uc0\u8232 This is a general file that tells the site generator that this is an endpoint reference page. It is exactly the same for every endpoint reference page, requiring no special editing or configuration for a particular endpoint.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 Updates (i.e. blog posts)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 These pages are generally in Markdown (.md) format. At the top is meta information, and below the actual post content. The meta information fields are YAML, just like in other configuration files.\
These update posts live in the folder 
\b blog 
\b0 within the folder 
\b pages
\b0 . The post itself is a file called 
\b index.md 
\b0 that lives in a folder named with the date and 
\i path
\i0  of the post. For example:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf4 ./pages/blog/2014-03-04-introducing-openfda/index.md\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 Important: 
\b0 There must be three dashes before and after the meta fields in the file index.md. Otherwise the site generator will fail to pick up the meta fields. Exactly copy an existing update/blog post if you want to add a new one.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0\fs26 \cf2 Meta information fields\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Line/field
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Description
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Examples
\fs22 \cf4 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 ---
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 Required to demarcate the beginning of the meta fields.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 path
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 A string for the path at which this post should be accessible on the website. It must begin with a slash. It should be short, human readable, with words separated by dashes. This helps Google index the post.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 path: "/update/introducing-openfda"
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 path: "/update/new-device-data"\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 date
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 The date that the post should be considered published on, in the format:
\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 YYYY-MM-DD\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf4 date: 2014-03-04
\f0\fs22 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 title
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 The title of the post, as it should be seen on screen and on Google.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 title: "Introducing openFDA"
\f0\fs22 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 authors:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 A YAML list of the authors of the post, their names and/or titles should be seen on screen. If there is only one author, it still must be a list, but with only one item.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 authors:\uc0\u8232   - "Jane Doe, MS"\u8232   - "Dr. So-and-so Person"
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 authors:\uc0\u8232   - "Sole Author"\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 ---
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 Required to demarcate the end of the meta fields.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs34 \cf3 Configuration file markup\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 These files (e.g. 
\b _content.yaml
\b0 ) are processed by the site generation code to \'93automatically\'94 create rich pages on the openFDA site. They are designed to be relatively easily editable by someone with little to no programming background. They are usually written in YAML, with some markdown syntax for text markup (e.g. to make text bold, to specify a heading, or to add a link). You should be familiar with both YAML and markdown before editing these files\'97the syntax is straightforward, but it 
\i is
\i0  specific and needs to be followed precisely.\
Look at existing files for existing endpoints if you want to learn more about how these files are organized, and how YAML and markdown are used to generate pages.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 _content.yaml\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 The content for an \'93automatically-generated\'94 page on the site, such as an endpoint basics or reference page. This is processed to generate the page in question. The content must appear in the exact order that you want it to appear on the openFDA website.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf4 This is a YAML list.
\b0  The processing code looks at each item in the list in order, determines what it is, and adds it to the page. Each item on the page\'97a heading, a paragraph, a disclaimer box, an interactive API query, an image, a snippet of code, a downloads box, an API key generation widget, or other item\'97is its own list item.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \cf4 Each item must begin with a dash \cf7 -\cf4  , then a space \cf7 \'a0\cf4 . For more information, see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.saltstack.com/en/latest/topics/yaml/#rule-three-dashes"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 YAML list syntax.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 Example\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clcbpat9 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clpadt144 \clpadl144 \clpadb144 \clpadr144 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs22 \cf8 - "## About"
\f0 \cf4 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - "The openFDA drug adverse event API returns data from the [FDA Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS)]('/data/faers'), a database that contains information on adverse event and medication error reports submitted to FDA. Currently, this data covers publically releasable records submitted to the FDA from 2004-2013. The data is updated quarterly."\
- \cf7 disclaimer:\cf8 \
  - "FAERS data does have limitations. There is no certainty that the reported event (adverse event or medication error) was actually due to the product. FDA does not require that a causal relationship between a product and event be proven, and reports do not always contain enough detail to properly evaluate an event."\
- \cf7 gettingStarted\cf8 \
- "### Downloads"\
- \cf7 downloads\cf8 \
- \cf7 example:\cf8  header\
- \cf7 fields:\cf8 \
  - safetyreportid\
  - safetyreportversion\
  - receivedate\
- "### Remember"\
- \cf7 ul:\cf8 \
  - "Drug adverse event reports may list multiple drugs."\
  - "It is not possible to make a causal connection between a reaction and a specific drug product from the data in a single adverse event report."\
- \cf7 ol:\cf8 \
  - "Get your API key."\
  - "Learn the endpoint."\
  - "Expore the data."\
- \cf7 queryExplorer: \cf8 oneEvent\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 How the above example would be processed\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 The code looks at each item beginning with a dash \cf7 -\cf4  and processes them in the following ways:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - "## About"\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes a 2nd-level heading (an H2 HTML tag).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - "The openFDA drug adverse event API returns data from the [FDA Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS)]('/data/faers'), a database that contains information on adverse event and medication error reports submitted to FDA. Currently, this data covers publically releasable records submitted to the FDA from 2004-2013. The data is updated quarterly."\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes an ordinary paragraph. This paragraph contains a link to the FAERS page on the openFDA website.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - \cf7 disclaimer:\cf8 \
  - "FAERS data does have limitations. There is no certainty that the reported event (adverse event or medication error) was actually due to the product. FDA does not require that a causal relationship between a product and event be proven, and reports do not always contain enough detail to properly evaluate an event."\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes a disclaimer box with one subparagraph.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - \cf7 gettingStarted\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes an API key generation box, which includes a passing reference to the endpoint 
\b drug/event.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - "### Downloads"\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes a 3rd-level heading (an H3 HTML tag).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - \cf7 downloads\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes a downloads box for the data in the endpoint 
\b drug/event.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - \cf7 example:\cf8  header\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes a JSON code example (snippet) drawn from the 
\b header
\b0  object in the file _
\b examples.json
\b0  for this endpoint.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - \cf7 fields:\cf8 \
  - safetyreportid\
  - safetyreportversion\
  - receivedate\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes field-by-field documentation for the three specified fields in the file 
\b _fields.yaml
\b0  for this endpoint.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - "### Remember"\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes a 3rd-level heading (an H3 HTML tag).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - \cf7 ul:\cf8 \
  - "Drug adverse event reports may list multiple drugs."\
  - "It is not possible to make a causal connection between a reaction and a specific drug product from the data in a single adverse event report."\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes an unordered (bulleted) list with 2 items.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - \cf7 ol:\cf8 \
  - "Get your API key."\
  - "Learn the endpoint."\
  - "Expore the data."\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Becomes an ordered (numbered) list with 3 numbered items.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - \cf7 queryExplorer: \cf8 oneEvent\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 Looks in the 
\b _explorers.yaml
\b0  for the item called 
\b oneEvent
\b0 , and turns that into an interactive query explorer panel.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 Elements\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Element
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Type
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Description
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Examples
\fs22 \cf4 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 -
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 paragraph or heading
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 An ordinary paragraph of text, or a heading. Content must be contained within straight double-quotes \cf7 "\cf4 . This becomes a paragraph unless a heading level is specified using markdown.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - "This is a paragraph."
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 - "## This is a 2nd-level heading"\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 - disclaimer:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 disclaimer box
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 A box with a \'93Disclaimer\'94 title and 1 or more paragraphs of text. Each paragraph of text is its own list item underneath this disclaimer element, processed like a paragraph or heading element.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - disclaimer:
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18   - "This is a first disclaimer paragraph."\
  - "This is a second disclaimer paragraph."\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 - gettingStarted
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 API key box
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 An API key generation form, which reminds users that they should get their own API key.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - gettingStarted
\f0\fs22 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - downloads
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 downloads box
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 A downloads box for the current endpoint. The downloads box will make a call to the open.fda.gov download endpoint and get a list of all the files available for download, and display them in the downloads box.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - downloads
\f0\fs22 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - example:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 code snippet/ example
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 A code snippet box for the specified example. The example must be a valid object path in the file 
\b _examples.json
\b0  for the current endpoint.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - example: header
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 - example: patient.drug.openfda\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 - fields:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 field documentation
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 Tables with field-by-field documentation for the specified fields from the file 
\b _fields.yaml
\b0  for the current endpoint. Each field must be a valid path respecting the hierarchy in 
\b _fields.yaml.
\b0  1 or more fields must be specified.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - fields:
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18   - safetyreportid\
  - patient.drug.reactionmedrapt\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 - ul:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 unordered list
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 An unordered (bulleted) list. Each item underneath this ul element becomes a list item, processed like a paragraph or heading element.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - ul:
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18   - "Item."\
  - "Another item."\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 - ol:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 ordered list
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 An ordered (numbered) list. Each item underneath this ol element becomes a list item, processed like a paragraph or heading element.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - ol:
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18   - "Item 1."\
  - "Item 2."\
  - "Item 3."\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 - queryExplorer
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 query explorer tool
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 An interactive query tool from the 
\b _explorers.yaml, 
\b0 which is named here.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 - queryExplorer: oneEvent
\f0\fs22 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 _explorers.yaml\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 Each item in this list is a named "panel" that will show the user a single API query and present the response in a box. It's the way that programmers can learn about the actual API returns.\
These are typically used on the endpoint basics pages and on API reference pages.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 Example\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clcbpat9 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clpadt144 \clpadl144 \clpadb144 \clpadr144 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs22 \cf7 oneReport:
\f0 \cf4 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf7   title:\cf8  One enforcement report\cf7 \
  description:\
    \cf8 - "This query searches for all records in a certain date range, and asks for a single one."\cf7 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf8     - "See the [reference](/drug/enforcement/reference/) for more about report_date. Brackets `[ ]` are used to specify a range for date, number, or string fields."\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf7   params:\
    \cf8 - "Search for all records with report_date between Jan 01, 2004 and Dec 31, 2013."\cf7 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf8     - "Limit to 1 record."\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf7   query: \cf8 'https://api.fda.gov/drug/enforcement.json?search=report_date:[20040101+TO+20131231]&limit=1'\cf7 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 \
As with all YAML configuration files, the structure of this one is important and must be followed precisely. Each panel is nested under a name, written in 
\i camelCase
\i0 \'97in this example, it's called 
\b oneReport
\b0  which is how it would be referred to in the 
\b _content.yaml
\b0 : i.e. 
\f1 \cf7 queryExplorer: \cf8 oneReport
\f0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 Elements\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Field
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Type
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Description
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Examples
\fs22 \cf4 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 title:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 string
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 Short header describing the story or query example. This should be a clear, brief, and concise title. This will appear above the infographic explorer, and should be written in sentence case, with no concluding punctuation unless the title is phrased as a question.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 One enforcement report
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 Missing fields\
One adverse event with a drug from a certain pharmacologic class\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 description:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 list of strings
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 List of paragraphs that should appear beneath the title, but above the data visualization and options. These paragraphs should be rich with prompts or compelling stories that contextualize the data visualization below. A maximum of 3 paragraphs, all short, is recommended.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 description:\uc0\u8232   - "Searches for all adverse events, and returns a count of the most common patient reactions"
\f0\fs22 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 params:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 list of strings
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 List of items that succinctly describe the "parts" of the search parameters, elucidating the description in the syntax of the query language. This becomes a special bulleted list.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 params:\uc0\u8232   - '`search` for all records'\u8232   - `count` the field `patient.reaction.reactionmeddrapt.exact`. The `.exact` is required to return the patient reactions as whole phrases like "sweating increased" instead of counting "sweating" and "increased" separately.`
\f0\fs22 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 query:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 string
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 This is a the actual query that will be run.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 query: 'https://api.fda.gov/drug/enforcement.json?search=report_date:[20040101+TO+20131231]&limit=1'
\f0\fs22 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \
_fields.yaml\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 This file is critical to the interconnected and interactive nature of the website. It is a generally alphabetical listing of all the fields found in records in the given endpoint. The best way to understand how this document works is to look at live examples, and to use the script that builds the skeletal version automatically from the JSON schema.\
This file powers both the infographic explorer and the reference guide. It's critical to get this right, but it enables much of the powerful interactive educational nature of the website.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf4 possible_values
\b0 \uc0\u8232 When a field has a fixed number of potential values, or values that come from a reference (like MedDRA), that can be explicated. See the 
\b drug/event _fields.yaml
\b0  for excellent examples.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0\fs30 \cf2 _infographics.yaml\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 Stories for the infographic explorer, which is the visual introduction to the endpoint, on the endpoint basics page. This file is processed by the infographic explorer component to create the interactive exploration and data visualization tool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf4 This is an important user experience feature of the openFDA website. 
\b0 It is a place to explain the nature and meaning of the data or information in an endpoint. It can reveal the shape of the data, how to query it, and what to expect. It is the most important educational tool about FDA datasets on the openFDA website.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0\fs26 \cf2 Example\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clcbpat9 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clpadt144 \clpadl144 \clpadb144 \clpadr144 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs22 \cf3 # Story 1
\f0 \cf4 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf8 - \cf7 title:\cf8  "Adverse drug event reports since 2004"\
  \cf7 short:\cf8  "Reports over time"\
  \cf7 description:\cf8 \
    - "This is the openFDA API endpoint for adverse drug events. An adverse event is submitted to the FDA to report any undesirable experience associated with the use of a drug, including serious drug side effects, product use errors, product quality problems, and therapeutic failures."\
    - "Reporting of adverse events by healthcare professionals and consumers is voluntary in the United States. Increases in the total number of adverse events are likely caused by improved reporting. News, enforcement actions, and other phenomena can also spur reporting."\
  \cf7 countParam:\cf8  "receivedate"\
  \cf7 type:\cf8  "Line"\
  \cf7 options:\cf8 \
    - \cf7 title:\cf8  "All adverse event reports"\
      \cf7 searchParam:\cf8  ""\
    - \cf7 title:\cf8  "Reported through manufacturers"\
      \cf7 searchParam:\cf8  "_exists_:companynumb"\
    - \cf7 title:\cf8  "Reported directly by public"\
      \cf7 searchParam:\cf8  "_missing_:companynumb"\
    - \cf7 title:\cf8  "Where indication for drug use was hypertension"\
      \cf7 searchParam:\cf8  "patient.drug.drugindication:hypertension"\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf3 # Story 2\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf8 - \cf7 title:\cf8  "Who reports drug adverse events?"\
  \cf7 short:\cf8  "Reports over time"\
  \cf3 # etc. etc.\cf8 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 \
As with all YAML configuration files, the structure of this one is important and must be followed precisely. Each story for the infographic explorer is a list item, beginning with a 
\b title
\b0  element preceded by a dash \cf7 -\cf4  and a space \cf7 \'a0\cf4 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 Elements\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Field
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Type
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Description
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Examples
\fs22 \cf4 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 title:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 string
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 Short header describing the story. This should be a clear, brief, and concise title. This will appear above the infographic explorer, and should be written in sentence case, with no concluding punctuation unless the title is phrased as a question.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 Adverse drug event reports since 2004
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 Who reports drug adverse events?\
Common adverse reactions to cosmetic products\
Common countries of origin\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 short:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 string
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 1 to 3 word short title for the story, suitable for a sidebar menu. This should connote the meaning of the title, but be much briefer. This should be written in sentence case with no concluding punctuation unless the title is phrased as a question.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 Reports over time
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 Who reports?\
Common reactions\
Countries of origin\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 description:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 list of strings
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 List of paragraphs that should appear beneath the title, but above the data visualization and options. These paragraphs should be rich with prompts or compelling stories that contextualize the data visualization below. A maximum of 3 paragraphs, all short, is recommended.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4   description:
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18     - "This is the openFDA API endpoint for adverse drug events. An adverse event is submitted to the FDA to report any undesirable experience associated with the use of a drug, including serious drug side effects, product use errors, product quality problems, and therapeutic failures."\
    - "Reporting of adverse events by healthcare professionals and consumers is voluntary in the United States. Increases in the total number of adverse events are likely caused by improved reporting. News, enforcement actions, and other phenomena can also spur reporting."\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 countParam:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 string
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 The field intended to be used as a 
\b count
\b0  parameter to generate the data visualization in the infographic explorer. This must be a valid field for the endpoint, and must be present in the 
\b _fields.yaml
\b0  for the endpoint.
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 patient.drug.medicinalproduct.exact
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 receivedate\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 options:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 list
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 This is a list of options (filters) to adjust the query for the infographic explorer. These become radio buttons to the left of the data visualization. Each item in the list begins with a 
\b title
\b0 , and also has a 
\b search parameter
\b0 .
\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \
The 
\b title
\b0  should be short and descriptive. The 
\b search parameter
\b0  must be a valid 
\b search
\b0  parameter for the endpoint. Both should be enclosed in double quotes \cf7 "\cf4 .\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf4 options:
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18     - title: "All adverse event reports"\
      searchParam: ""\
    - title: "Reported through manufacturers"\
      searchParam: "_exists_:companynumb"\
    - title: "Reported directly by public"\
      searchParam: "_missing_:companynumb"\
    - title: "Where indication for drug use was hypertension"\
      searchParam: "patient.drug.drugindication:hypertension"\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf2 \
_examples.json\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 This is a JSON object, whose top-level keys can be referenced in 
\b _content.yaml
\b0  documents and will display as a JavaScript code snippet. These are used to show fixed, hard-coded examples of API returns. Ordinarily these are just copied from actual API returns and parts of them used to enhance the reference guide.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf2 \
_meta.yaml\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf4 General information about an endpoint, like its name, datasets that supply data to it, description, and so forth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 Example\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clcbpat9 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clpadt144 \clpadl144 \clpadb144 \clpadr144 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs22 \cf7 name:\cf8  Drug adverse events
\f0 \cf4 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf7 description:\cf8  An adverse event is submitted to the FDA to report any undesirable experience associated with the use of a drug, including serious drug side effects, product use errors, product quality problems, and therapeutic failures.\cf7 \
endpoint:\cf8  drug/event\cf7 \
datasets:\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf8  - FAERS\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb160\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 Elements\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Field
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Type
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Description
\fs22 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf3 Examples
\fs22 \cf4 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 name:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 string
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 The pluralized, plain language name of the endpoint. This should be short, and typically includes the singular noun for which the endpoint applies. It is used to generate page titles and parts of the page content.
\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \
This should be written in sentence case, with appropriate exceptions to capitalization only when necessary. It should stand alone to uniquely describe the endpoint.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf4 Animal drug adverse events
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 Cosmetic adverse events\
Drug adverse events\
Drug recall enforcement reports\
Drug substance definitions\
Device 510(k) clearances\
Device registrations and listings\
Food recall enforcement reports\
Substance definitions\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 description:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 string
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 A brief, single-sentence description of the nature of the information or data in the endpoint. A casual look at this sentence should be adequate for an ordinary person to comprehend essence of what is returned by queries to the endpoint.
\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \
This is often a useful place to elaborate on a single idiomatic term or expression that may be unfamiliar to a typical American, such as 
\i 510(k).
\i0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf4 An adverse event is submitted to the FDA to report any undesirable experience associated with the use of a drug, including serious drug side effects, product use errors, product quality problems, and therapeutic failures.
\f0\fs22 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 \cf4 endpoint:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 string
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 The 
\i path
\i0  to the endpoint on api.fda.gov. This mirrors the path to the endpoint basics page on open.fda.gov.
\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \
Format:\uc0\u8232 
\b noun/endpoint
\b0 \
\
Begin with the noun, followed by a slash \cf7 /\cf4 , then the endpoint. This will be processed frequently by the site code to generate URLs and API calls, so it is important that it follow the format exactly. Do not include the extension 
\b .json
\b0 .\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf4 drug/animal/event
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18 cosmetic/event\
drug/event\
drug/enforcement\
drug/substancedefinition\
device/510k\
device/registrationlisting\
food/enforcement\
substance/definition\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf6 \clpadt72 \clpadl72 \clpadb72 \clpadr72 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 datasets:
\f0\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 list of strings
\fs22 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf4 A list of datasets that supply data to this endpoint. Each dataset name should be on its own line, with two spaces \cf7 \'a0\'a0\cf4 , a dash \cf7 -\cf4 , and a space \cf7 \'a0\cf4  preceding it.
\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \
This will be processed to link to the datasets underlying the endpoint. If the dataset has its own folder on the openFDA site in the folder 
\b data
\b0 , ensure that the name used here is the same as the name of the folder. Usually this is the short acronym name of the dataset.\
\
Capitalize the name as you want it to appear in the site.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf4 datasets:
\f0\fs22 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs18   - FAERS\
  - RES\
  - MAUDE\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \
}